task 0:
Create and run Webpack using a basic installation.

Create a folder named task_0.
Install webpack and webpack-cli as developer dependencies within the folder using npm.
Install jQuery as a regular dependency using npm.
Make sure that webpack and webpack-cli are listed under the devDependencies key along with jQuery being listed under the dependencies key within the package.json
Create a src directory with a index.js in it.
The file should import jquery and add three different paragraphs to the page body: (refer to this link under the Babel section for importing jQuery)
Holberton Dashboard

Dashboard data for the students

Copyright - Holberton School
Create a dist/index.html. Import your main.js in the body.
You must use jQuery to add the elements to the body of the page.
When running Webpack, your javascript and html files should be generated in a dist folder.
You should not use a custom webpack config file.
Opening your main file should not generate any error in the console.
Your html code should only import one Javascript script (the one generated by webpack).
Do NOT push your dist/main.js if you have one.
Task 01:
Installing packages

Create a folder named task_1, cd into it, and create a package.json using npm init -y
Install webpack (dev dependency), jQuery (dependency), and Lodash (dependency) within the folder using npm.
Modify your package.json to add a build script that runs webpack to create a production build. This lets you execute npm run build on the command line.
Using jQuery

Create a js directory with a javascript file named dashboard_main.js in it. The file should import jquery and add the below elements in the following order:
Paragraph element: Holberton Dashboard
Paragraph element: Dashboard data for the students
Button element with the text Click here to get started
Add a paragraph element as so <p id='count'></p>
Add another paragraph: Copyright - Holberton School
Prevent spammers

Write a function called updateCounter() that tracks the number of times the button element has been clicked.
Each time it’s called, update the count by 1 and set the content of the paragraph element with id=‘count’ to {count} clicks on the button
Bind the debounce function in Lodash to the click event on the button you created previously.
Task 02:
Create a specific configuration for Webpack.

Using the folder named task_2.
Reuse the code from task_1.
Modify the webpack config to support adding CSS to the bundle.
Modify the webpack config to support adding images to the CSS.
Create a folder named css
In a file named main.css, change the position of the counter text to be displayed on the right of the button and in bold.
Add an element at the top of document with the id #logo which has a width of 200px and height of 200px.
Set the background of th element with the image in task_2/assets/holberton-logo.jpg (you can download this link).
Set the width and height of the logo background image to 200px by 200px.
Make sure to configure Webpack to optimize images.
When running Webpack, your javascript and html files should be generated in a public folder.
The javascript file generated by Webpack should be named bundle.js.
Set Webpack config mode to production.
Opening your main file should not generate any error in the console.
Your html code should only import one Javascript script (the one generated by webpack).
When running Webpack, you should not see the warning WARNING in asset size limit: The following asset(s) exceed the recommended size limit
